[JS] Support Orchestration Translation Module (#104)
SAP/ai-sdk: docs-js/orchestration/chat-completion.mdx

Set `data_repositories` property with an array of repository IDs to search in specific data repositories.
Skip this property to search in all available data repositories.

## Translation

> Use the orchestration client with the translation module to translate content sent to and received from a generative AI model into a chosen target language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The translation module translates content sent to and received from a generative AI model into a chosen target language.
```

Set `data_repositories` property with an array of repository IDs to search in specific data repositories.
Skip this property to search in all available data repositories.

## Translation

Use the orchestration client with the translation module to translate content sent to and received from a generative AI model into a chosen target language.

The module supports SAP's Document Translation service and allows translating both [input](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/input-translation) and [output](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/output-translation) of a model.
The target language is mandatory, while source language will be auto-detected if not provided.

For available translation options, consult the [list of supported languages](https://help.sap.com/docs/translation-hub/sap-translation-hub/supported-languages-6854bbb1bd824ffebc3a097a7c0fd45d) to identify compatible language pairs.

> The following example demonstrates how to use the translation module with the orchestration client.

Reviewer: [pp] I would do away with this line.

Set `data_repositories` property with an array of repository IDs to search in specific data repositories.
Skip this property to search in all available data repositories.

## Translation

Use the orchestration client with the translation module to translate content sent to and received from a generative AI model into a chosen target language.

The module supports SAP's Document Translation service and allows translating both [input](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/input-translation) and [output](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/output-translation) of a model.
The target language is mandatory, while source language will be auto-detected if not provided.

For available translation options, consult the [list of supported languages](https://help.sap.com/docs/translation-hub/sap-translation-hub/supported-languages-6854bbb1bd824ffebc3a097a7c0fd45d) to identify compatible language pairs.

```ts
const translationConfig: SAPDocumentTranslation = buildTranslationConfig({
  sourceLanguage: 'en-US',
  targetLanguage: 'de-DE'
});

const orchestrationClient = new OrchestrationClient({
  llm,
  templating: {

>     template: [

Reviewer: [req] Please update the example to not use templating unless really needed. We should in general use `messages` by default now. Also instead of input param, the string can be passed directly as content
